[MUSIC]
>> Douglas: So, this is a problem
similar to the first one.
We're going to make a function that
makes a publish subscribe object, and
it will reliably deliver all publications
to all subscribers in the right order.
So, the idea is that we might have
multiple parties running in our system,
and they need to be able to communicate
with each other, and we will provide them
a pub sub-instance that they will all
share, that allows them to communicate.
But, we want to make sure
that it works correctly so
that it can reliably deliver all the
messages to everybody in the right order.
So, this is how it might work.
We'll have our pubsub constructor,
which will make a pubsub instance,
which we then share with all the parties.
It will have a subscribe method on
it which can receive a function,
which will be called whenever somebody
publishes, and they can publish by calling
the publish method, which will then cause
all of the subscribers to get called.
Okay, so you can imagine how you might
implement something like that
it's not very complicated.
Here is a possible implementation.
We've got a pub sub constructor, it has an
array of subscribers where it's going to
keep the full list of subscribers.
It will return an object
containing two methods.
First the subscribe method
will receive a subscriber and
push it onto the subscribers list,
and they publish method will
Loop through all of the subscribers and
call each one and give them the message.
Okay, so looks pretty straightforward, and
unfortunately it doesn't do any of
the things that we need to guarantee.
It is possible to prevent people
from publishing and subscribing.
It's possible to,
>> Douglas: Remove subscribers and
cause messages to get
delivered out of order.
Everything that this
is supposed to prevent
It will allow, so your job is to figure
out how an attacker can do this.
So, if an attacker is one of the
subscribers and wants to screw it up for
all the other subscribers,
how does he do that?
>> Speaker 2: He used
the attack from before, and
empty out the subscribers, right?
>> Douglas: That is something
to be concerned about,
we don't have a store method this time.
So, we don't provide a way
of changing the push
property of the subscribers array,
but that's definitely
something you want to be thinking about
>> Speaker 3: Whats
the function now publishing?
Sorry, if you push
a function called publish,
it's not because our
response because it's crap.
If you push a function that
two weeks subscribers for
example is like this because this.
When you get to me,
the one I just pushed which is a function
when you call subscribers eye.
You call on publication,
you now have access to this.
>> Douglas: You are exactly right.
Unfortunately, Powerpoint compels me to
force you to do the instead of particular
order So please remember that
we will come back to it okay?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Douglas: Yeah,
I'm a slave to PowerPoint here.
Yeah, so we're gonna have to do that.
So we're gonna have to, but
I will call on you to do that again
because you are absolutely right.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Douglas: So
let's start with how can I prevent
other people from receiving messages.
You almost had it earlier.
>> Speaker 2: So a function,
call it publish.
Then overwrite it.
>> Douglas: No,
it's much easier than that.
>> Speaker 4: Will this fail
immediately on the next publish or
will it not fail until the publish
after the next publish?
>> Douglas: It should fail immediately
>> Douglas: You'll fail instantly.
>> Douglas: I'm sorry,
it will fail on the next publication.
>> Speaker 4: I can just set publish,
>> Speaker 4: Can I
just set publish equal to null?
>> Douglas: Yes,
unfortunately Power Point compels me to
ask you to remember that one too.
I try to anticipate what order
people to come up with these
and
>> Speaker 4: I'm sorry.
>> Douglas: No, you're good.
>> Speaker 4: We're being
tasked with sabotaging for
many all those subscribers who have
previously called subscribe from getting
>> Speaker 5: Publications when publishers
is called.
Okay.
>> Douglas: Okay.
So since you're getting
way ahead of me let me
show the one that we need to do first.